Cloud HSM usage guide (and small fixes to validator guide) (#3833)
celo-org/celo-monorepo: packages/docs/getting-started/validator-setup-faq.md

> # Validator Setup FAQ

Reviewer: Troubleshooting FAQ?

This is a living document. Please contribute if you have a solution to a common problem.

## How do I reset my local celo state?
You may desire to reset your local chain state when updating parameters or wishing to perform a clean reset. Note that this will cause the node to resync from the genesis block which will take a couple hours.
```bash
# Remove the celo state directory
sudo rm -rf celo
# Recreate the genesis state
sudo docker run -v $PWD:/root/.celo --rm -it $CELO_IMAGE init /celo/genesis.json
```
## How do I backup a local Celo private key?
It's important that local accounts are properly backed up for disaster recovery. The local keystore files are encrypted with the specified account password and stored in the keystore directory. To copy this file to your local machine you may use ssh:

```bash
ssh USERNAME@IPADDRESS "sudo cat /root/.celo/keystore/<KEYSTORE_FILE>" > ./nodeIdentity
```

> You can then back this file up to a cloud storage for redundancy.

Reviewer: do we want to recommend this, or suggest they use a local backup mechanism? Not sure what best security practice here is

Author: This is another one of those things where it's tricky to provide recommendations since there are always caveats A cloud storage is secure as long as their cloud account is not compromised (2FA and password managers go a long way). A local backup is secure as long as it's only used as a backup and therefore less susceptible to malware (probably not the case for most folks).

{% hint style="warning" %}

> **Warning**: It's important that a strong password used since this file will be held in potentially insecure environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Warning**: It's important that you use a strong password to encrypt this file since it will be held in potentially insecure environments.
```

{% endhint %}

## How do I install and use celocli on my node?

> To install celocli on a Linux machine, run the following:

Reviewer: can we get some macos love? :)

Reviewer 2: Can we move this to the celocli page? `command-line-interface/introduction.md`
